Demonstration Papers - CIKM 2026 Skip to content HOME PROGRAM Program at a glance Invited keynotes Accepted Workshops Accepted Tutorials SUBMIT Full Research Papers Short Research Papers Applied Research Papers Resource Papers Demonstration Papers Tutorials Workshops AnalytiCup Competition Proposals PhD Symposium Industry Day Talks Important dates ATTEND Registration Fees Venues and transportation Venues How to Reach Rome Local Transportation VISA Letter Social Program Student Travel Awards Accomodations Practical Information POLICIES Policies and Information ORGANIZERS Organization Chairs Scientific Chairs SUPPORTERS Sponsors Endorsements Become a sponsor Demonstration Papers Constanza Pellissero 2026-08-12T09:05:51+02:00 Information Important dates Demonstration Papers The Conference on Information and Knowledge Management (CIKM) is a premier forum for researchers and practitioners from academia, industry, and government bodies to share technologies and state-of-the-art research on the emerging aspects of artificial intelligence, data mining, data management, and information retrieval. The demo track at CIKM 2026 provides a unique opportunity to share research ideas through prototypes. Accepted demo papers will be part of the main conference proceeding. Submit here Important Information Authors of each submission to CIKM 2026 are required to nominate at least one of the authors of each submission, for reviewing some papers. This can be done in EasyChair when submitting the paper. Note that failure to nominate a reviewer among the authors will lead to desk rejection of the paper. Should you have any questions about this, please contact the PC chairs at: cikm2026-pc@easychair.org SUBMISSION INFORMATION Topics of Interest We seek demonstrations that showcase exciting new technologies and early prototypes within the scope of CIKM, as well as case studies from more mature systems with innovative features and functionalities. We welcome submissions on all topics in the general areas of artificial intelligence, data mining, data management, information retrieval, and knowledge management. Submission Guidelines Demo papers must be no more than 4 pages long including appendices and acknowledgments, plus unlimited pages for the GenAI Usage Disclosure section and references. Authors should also prepare a 3 minutes long demonstration video, showcasing the main features of the system. A URL of the video (e.g., YouTube, Dropbox, etc.) should be included in the paper. Supplementary material: It is allowed to cite supplementary materials including source code, datasets, and demonstration prototypes that are accessible via online platforms like GitHub. Reviewers have the discretion to decide whether or not they will review such materials. The review of the demo papers will be single-blind, which means that the authors should include their names and affiliations in the paper. All submissions will be reviewed by the Program Committee of the Demo track, who will evaluate the novelty of the technical features and/or research being presented, the research and/or development challenges, its expected impact, and its timeliness and relevance for the CIKM audience of practitioners and researchers. Manuscripts should be submitted to CIKM 2026’s Easychair page in PDF format using the ACM’s two-column template “sigconf”, see https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template . At least one author of each accepted paper must register to present the work on-site in Rome, Italy as scheduled in the conference program. Guidelines and Review Rubric for Demo Papers Demo papers should describe the intended audience, point out the innovative aspects of the system being presented, and explain how those aspects contribute to the state-of-the-art in the CIKM topics of interest. Each submission must also make clear what the audience will experience during the demo, what kind of functionality is supported, user scenarios, interface and interaction options provided, and how it is compared with existing systems (if any). Submissions that are case studies should also explain the case being demonstrated. Demo papers that describe case studies from mature systems will also be evaluated on the relevance of the system and innovative features and functionalities that are being included in the demonstration. Submission Template All papers for this track have to follow the template as indicated here: https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template Submission System All papers for this track are to be submitted via EasyChair, selecting “CIKM 2026 Demo” track at the following link: https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=cikm26 Demo Track Co-Chairs cikm2026-demo@easychair.org Stefano Marchesin, University of Padua, Italy Anastasia Giachanou, Utrecht University, The Netherlands IMPORTANT DATES May 30, 2026 – Abstract Submission Deadline June 6, 2026 – Full Paper Submission Deadline August 7, 2026 – Notification of Acceptance August 23, 2026 – Camera-Ready Submission Deadline Contacts Phone: +39 0639725540 Email: cikm2026@grupposymposia.it POLICIES CSR Privacy Policy © Symposia Srl |   All Rights Reserved   | Privacy Policy | v. 2.1.18 Facebook X Instagram Pinterest Page load link Go to Top